Update macOS export page. (#5952)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/export/exporting_for_macos.rst

    read :ref:`doc_compiling_for_macos`.

macOS apps are exported as an ``.app`` bundle, a folder with a specific structure which stores the executable, libraries and all the project files.
This bundle can be exported as is, packed in a ZIP archive or DMG disk image (only supported when exporting from a computer running macOS).

Requirements
------------

-  To enable code signing with Apple Developer ID and notarization, you must export from a computer running macOS with Xcode command line tools installed.
-  Ad-hoc code signing is supported on all platforms, without additional tools.
-  Download the Godot export templates. Use the Godot menu: ``Editor > Manage Export Templates``.

> -  Valid and unique ``Bundle identifier`` should be set in the ``Application`` section of the export options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  A valid and unique ``Bundle identifier`` should be set in the ``Application`` section of the export options.
```

    To notarize an app, you must enable the ``Hardened Runtime`` and ``Timestamp``.

>     ``Hardened Runtime`` and ``Timestamp`` options are incompatible with ad-hoc signature and will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``Hardened Runtime`` and ``Timestamp`` options are incompatible with ad-hoc signing and will be ignored.
```
